Lanier's reader giving this one a Martin
hook to fly out of the zone drop past
the Hextall shoot that stars
step through the legs
snick and with 1447 to go in the first
period in the right-wing corner of the
Portland zone good pass in front to
Tarasov it a good kick save by mark
visit team attack on the puck for
Worcester he scored a hat-trick his last
visit here a month ago there's a try by
Gore down the left wing a lot of speed
from him but Byzantine with another save
it selects ik giving to Dori rushing to
play now Gord with it in the right
circle pass in front there to Alexa it
ends up in the goal mark Byzantine got a
run into there but the puck was already
in top of the left circle that's yep now
a shot by Kessler knocked out a quick
rebound scar Brendan shitman picks it up
Krause Nick wants an interference call
but will not come assisted by number 20
rostislav and we get a whistle for and
offside knee Portland zone here and calm
rhea chakraborty 'no save and then
schaible got absolutely mugged by Connor
Murphy as he went flying and now we've
got a Worcester player down and believe
he caught a stick in the face it was
Chad rau we've got a penalty coming
against Portland quite a bit of blood as
he went over to the bench so four-minute
power play for Worcester a great Club
save there by more efficient teen I'm
not sure if he saw it until the very
last second now Gord left circles shot
that one hit to Silva in front didn't
get too Byzantine we're gonna get
another penalty on Portland I believe
here is Connor Murphy knocked down
bottom of the left circle that one with
Hamilton now habits Howser one-timer
bought off by Byzantine and he got it
with the Battle of his stick on the
follow up by Hamilton
interception air - Silva sends ahead to
Gord Gord reels in shoots on a club save
by mark Byzantine another beauty looking
here Miele in front there they'll set up
redirects cars took bias reader off the
club of grouse Nichkhun below the
crossbar road or shot blocked he tries
again it got blocked again wearing
shotgun behind grouse neck but didn't go
in the goal and point across to Murphy
top of the right circle shot off the
post off of grouse Nick's back and it
stayed out but now Gramps kilter looks
like he's seen what he needs to and he
says no goal and a quarter the right
wing Yanni Gord looking now shooting a
save rebound score Conrad Abbott Sauser
with the short-handed goal by number 37
unicorn time in the goal 1518 Worcester
goal and now will score as Andy mealy
fires the shot from the side of the
right circle of it gets by gross Nick so
Portland answers right back through
Center into the Worcester zone less eel
flying onto it he'll get there first
side of the right circle trying to get
an unfortunate but has any stars
goal by Brendan cinnamon as he beats bro
stick to the club side run glad toe drag
gets knocked down and draws a penalty
pump behind the net Worcester will touch
it up so Portland will get their fourth
power play opportunity of the game that
one angle off of rouse stick makes it a
brown and put the reader is shot kicked
out by gross Nick might have caught part
of the post as well
Wooster though we'll hold it in with the
puck Doherty bouncing it to the front
may score its James Livingston able to
tip the bouncing puck mass mark
Byzantine freed satellite circle turned
it to the front Byzantine stick away
Davidson scores off the boards on the
force are the near side in the left
circle on a laser beam slap shot by
Davison bounded to reader creates a
two-on-one reader a Martin hook got
deflected away though nicely that time
by Dylan Tumelo now it's Gord again left
circle to de Silva call of by Byzantine
and that was a big save there to keep
Portland ahead by one with 1054 live in
front to read can't turn for the shot
minutes he's got it back to mellow top
of the right circle a slap shot stopped
by this Centene again with the glove he
gets run into hard by Hayes and knocked
down Abbott's Hauser will hold in left
point we've got a whistle and we've got
a penalty and it will go against
Worcester year with 424 to go in the
third period white hang on to it now
Alexa clausten at his skates reader
looking for the empty net Tobias reader
stickhandle shoots black by the middle
rebound he scores
Tobias reader picks up his own rebound
and buries it into the empty net 28
point two seconds to go Portland's ahead
six to four